#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.4
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   passlib
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via unstructured
boto3==1.34.162
    # via langchain-aws
botocore==1.34.162
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
click==8.2.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   qrcode
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==45.0.5
    # via
    #   python-jose
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
docx2txt==0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
ecdsa==0.19.1
    # via python-jose
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via pydantic
emoji==2.14.1
    # via unstructured
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cache2
fastapi-cache2[redis]==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.4
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.177.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.5.4
    # via langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   unstructured-client
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   unstructured-client
huggingface-hub==0.34.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.1
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-aws==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langchain-core==0.1.53
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-google-genai==1.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
ldap3==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   python-docx
    #   unstructured
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via unstructured-client
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-aws
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   pgvector
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
openai==1.97.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.1
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pendulum==3.1.0
    # via fastapi-cache2
pgvector==0.2.5
    # via langchain-postgres
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==7.0.0
    # via unstructured
psycopg[binary]==3.2.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-postgres
psycopg-binary==3.2.9
    # via psycopg
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   ldap3
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic[email]==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyotp==2.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
pypdf==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pendulum
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-jose[cryptography]==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
qrcode==8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via unstructured
redis==4.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cache2
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   python-jose
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   ecdsa
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy[asyncpg]==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.21.2
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.54.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cache2
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   pendulum
    #   psycopg
unstructured==0.18.11
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.41.0
    # via unstructured
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi-cache2
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
